Single Spot algorithm:
    The most basic of sudoku algorithms. The idea that a number can only occupy a single spot in an area.

    After eliminating all other spots that a value can be put into, without violating sudoku rule, you should be left
    with a single location where a value can be placed.

    This algorithm can only be caried out on areas.


Single Occupant:
    It's sort of like the inverse to the above. This takes a cell and instead, finds the only number that can be
    entered into it without breaking sudoku rule.

    A value for a cell may fit the single occupant rule at times it doesn't quite fit the single spot algorithm.

Subline theorem:
    Sublining is a messy application of grouping. Grouping will absolve sublining of it's mediocraty

	If a value in a chamber
	has only 2 cells that it is valid in
	then it's safe to say that i will occur in one of those 2 cells.

	If these 2 cells are in the same line, then the number will occur in that line.
	Therefore, all other cells in that line, cannot hold the value.

	If a value in a line can only be held by 2 cells and those 2 cells are in the same chamber,
	It's safe to assume that the number will occur in those 2 spaces. Therefore, the value cannot
	occur anywhere else in the chamber.

As an algorithm:

	Have an area:
		find that only 2 cells that can hold X:
			if their chambers match:
				check if their rows match:
					if they do:
						no other cell in their chamber or row can hold that value.

				check if their columns match:
					if they do
						no other cell in their chamber or column can hold that value.

		Do the same for 3 cells that can hold x. Same applies.



Phantom Occupancy:
    If 2 cells in the same area have only 2 possible occupants and both list of occupants match, these cells are as
    good as occupied when using the single spot algorithm.

    This can only be carried out on areas.


group theorem: (also known as hidden pairs)
	look at an area
	If you have a value
	that can only go in 2 cells
	and you have a second value
	that can only go in the same 2 cells
	then no other values could possibly go in those cells
	therefore, the only valid values for these 2 cells is the 2 aforementioned values.

	Look at an area
	if you have n values
	that can only go in the same n cells
	then the valid values for those cells are only the aforementioned.

	Steps:
		Have an area

		for each value that isn't present

		find the ones that can only occupy 2 spaces

		if there's more than 2:
			check if they can both occupy the same 2 spaces

			if so:
				then no other values can be placed in those cells.

	For more than pairs:
		have an area

		find a value that can occupy (n) spaces

		find (n - 1) values that can only occupy those spaces

		if so:
			no other values can go in those cells.

	As a rule for n:
		look at an area

		for value 1 - 9:
			Have int valid_count[9]; where:
				int values_index = value - 1;

				valid_count[values_index] = number of times the value can appear in that area

			for int n in range 1 to 9:
				find n values that can appear in n cells

				if n values can appear in n cells, e.g. 2 values can appear in 2 cells
					see if ALL of them have the same valid cells
					if so:
						no other values can appear in those cells.





	As a rule for n:

		For group_size in the range of 1 to 9:
			load all values that have a valid_locations_count of group_size into an array
			++values_count

			Now that we have all of the locations, we then need to find a valid group.

			We do this by:
				comparing n values from our array

				if they all have 





sublining - redux:
	sublining is sort of the opposite of hidden pairs in a sense.

	look at an area

	if there's a pair of cells that can have only have the same 2 values as one another, then no other cell in the area can hold those values

	Steps:

		look at an area

		find a cell that only has 2 valid values - call it cell a

		find another cell with only 2 valid values - call it cell b

		If a and b have the same valid value pair, then no other cell in that area can hold those values.

		for infinity:

		look at an area

		find a cell that can hold (n) valid values

		find (n - 1) more cells that can hold only those values

		if the above is found, no other cell in that area can have those valid values.